# snippy_core_api
No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)

This Dart package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: v0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.DartClientCodegen

## Requirements

Dart 2.0 or later

## Installation & Usage

### Github
If this Dart package is published to Github, add the following dependency to your pubspec.yaml
```
dependencies:
  snippy_core_api:
    git: https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git
```

### Local
To use the package in your local drive, add the following dependency to your pubspec.yaml
```
dependencies:
  snippy_core_api:
    path: /path/to/snippy_core_api
```

## Tests

TODO

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```dart
import 'package:snippy_core_api/api.dart';


final api_instance = AppApplicationApi();

try {
    final result = api_instance.healthCheck();
    print(result);
} catch (e) {
    print('Exception when calling AppApplicationApi->healthCheck: $e\n');
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://10.0.2.2:8089*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AppApplicationApi* | [**healthCheck**](doc//AppApplicationApi.md#healthcheck) | **GET** /healthcheck | Returns health status of the all microservices.
*AppApplicationApi* | [**rootPath**](doc//AppApplicationApi.md#rootpath) | **GET** / | Used for healtchecking by the Kubernetes services.
*AuthControllerApi* | [**auth**](doc//AuthControllerApi.md#auth) | **POST** /auth | A middle-man for the authentication with the firebase services.
*AuthControllerApi* | [**getUsers**](doc//AuthControllerApi.md#getusers) | **POST** /users | Queries all users if the request comes from admin.
*UrlControllerApi* | [**create**](doc//UrlControllerApi.md#create) | **POST** /urls | Creates a shortened URL for the user.
*UrlControllerApi* | [**createNamed**](doc//UrlControllerApi.md#createnamed) | **POST** /namedUrls | Creates a shortened URL with the defined id for the user.
*UrlControllerApi* | [**getUrlForId**](doc//UrlControllerApi.md#geturlforid) | **GET** /urls/{id} | Gets the original URL from the shortened URL.
*UrlControllerApi* | [**getUrlForUser**](doc//UrlControllerApi.md#geturlforuser) | **GET** /urls | Queries the urls created by the current user.
*UrlControllerApi* | [**redirectToURL**](doc//UrlControllerApi.md#redirecttourl) | **GET** /u/{id} | Redirects a shortened URL to the original URL


## Documentation For Models

 - [EmailPassword](doc//EmailPassword.md)
 - [Url](doc//Url.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author




